flcalc version 0.4 alpha -- see changes below

This is a project I've quickly put together mainly for my own use,
not being able to find another program that exactly fitted my needs.
It is licensed under the GPL so feel free to modify/improve and redistribute.

Installation :

As it comes this source code is known to compile on linux using autotools.
The source should compile on compatible systems (*bsd etc) but this has
not been tested.  

To compile under linux you must first have FLTK installed you your machine.
The easiest way of doing this is via your package management system, see your
distributions documentation for instructions on how to use this.  Alternatively 
do to www.fltk.org and follow install instructions there.

To compile simply type "make" in a terminal, this will create the file flcalc
in the same directory.  Move this file to somewhere in the path if you want
easy access to it.

To compile on windows, first download and install mingw and fltk source.  Compile
the fltk source. Once you have the system installed, from the MSYS windows go to
the flcalc directory, rename Makefile.mingw Makefile and type make.

Notes:

This is the fourth alpha version of this small program, which is why it does not
install itself, and why the code is not fully portable as is.  This project is
mainly for my personal use and is released as open source purely to make it
available to anyone else who may find it useful.  I may or may not develop
it further but any constructive comments are welcome at andylegalle@googlemail.com

flcalc uses the FLTK toolkit : www.fltk.org
flcalc is a front-end for the muParser library : muparser.sourceforge.net

Change Log :

0.4a : Now includes makefile for freebsd, tested on freebsd 7.2 amd64 with fltk-thread port
       installed. This is my personal workstation so this will probally be the last release 
       of flcalc unless I have any requests.  zip file now contains everything in one file.

0.3a : Makefile for mingw on windows and windows binary
0.2a : Fixed a missing include to allow compilation on newer versions of gcc


